# Knowledge-Based-System-nlogo-
You are required to model with a simulation, to assess feasibility and efficiency, a car production final assembly facilityto be entirely staffed by autonomous robot agents.The car bodies, chasses,enginesand interiors are delivered toseparate store rooms inthe final assembly facilityat regular intervals. Carrier robots distribute the components to the relevant fitting areas. Initially carrier robotscollect a chassisfrom the chassisstore and deliver itto engine fitting robotagents,who fit the engine to the chassis. The engine/chassis isthen transportedto the body fitting robotagents, by the carrier robot agents, who fit thecar bodyto the engine/chassis. The carrier agents then take the car body with the chassis and engine fitted to the interior fitting agent.Thecompletedcar isthen taken, by the carriers,to a storage area and from there loaded onto vans and taken to another facility for further processing. The engine, bodyand interior  fittersare  stationary  and  are  maintained  with  power  through  a continuous fixed connection. Robots, which transport,use 1 unit of energy when travelling unladen and 2 units when transporting anything per simulation cycle. When their energy level becomes low robots must return to a robot room to recharge. They recharge at a rate of 5 units per simulation cycle.The engine fitterstake7 simulation cycles to fit the engine to the chassis, whilst the body fitters and interiors fitters each take 5 simulation cycles.
Document title5122COMP CourseworkCourseworkRevision1.0Date27/11/20AuthorMJRYou should fully specify each agent in the scenario and design a solution for thisfactory, which you then go on to implement in a NetLogosimulation. Your simulation should allow for the most efficient route through the factory, in time or quality, while minimizing the idleness of the agents. You can design your factory in any way you think would be the most efficient. 
